

1.USE MODULES TO AVOID REPETITIVE WORK

Modules in Terraform allow you to reuse predefined resource structures. 
Using modules will decrease the snowflake effect and provide a great way to reuse existing infrastructure code.
Modules have some variables as inputs, which are located in different places (eg. A different folder, or even a different repository). 
They define elements from a provider and can define multiple resources in themselves.
Modules are called using the module block in our Terraform configuration file, variables are defined according to the desired requirement.



we can use tags or branches names or in repo for source

```
	module "my-db-module" {
		source = "git::ssh://git@mygitserver.com/my-modules.git//modules/my_module?ref=feature-branch-001"
		allocated_storage = "200"
		instance_class = "db.t2.micro"
		engine = "postgres"

```


2. MANAGE TERRAFORM STATE

The Terraform state file is important for Terraform because all the current states of our Infrastructure are stored here. 
It's a .json file normally located in the hidden folder .terraform inside your Terraform configuration files (.terraform/terraform.tfstate) and is autogenerated when you execute the command terraform apply.

As we work on our infrastructure, other collaborators might need to modify the infrastructure and apply their changes, changing the Terraform state file, which is why we recommend that this file be stored in a shared storage. 
Terraform supports multiple Backends to store this file, like etcd, azurem, S3 or Consul.

as Infrastructure grows and you need to define multiple environments, you might need to split your Terraform state by environments and by components inside each environment. This way you will be able to work on different environments at the same time and multiple collaborators could work on different components of the same Infrastructure without being locked
